Hello there Unboxers! This is Sakis Karpas, your usual host. Today I will present you the IPS LED LCD Monitor by LG.
This is the 237L model equipped with IPS technology.
IPS technology features consistency and less changes in color temperature while offering a color impression identical to that of the original image.
Moreover, this monitor has the benefits of several other features like Mobile HD Link
which allows you to connect and watch HD content from your phone with a micro HDMI cable
LG’s exclusive True Color Finder for conducting hardware calibration.
and of course Super Energy Saving Mode.
All these are great but the true beauty is hidden inside. So, let's open the package!
First up is the monitor itself.
We'll take a closer look later on.
Inside we find a power cable
a micro HDMI Cable
a VGA cable
a manual and a CD with the required software
and lastly, two parts for the TV Stand.
Carefully, we take off the protective cover and we take a closer look at this light monitor.
It only weighs 2.5kg without the TV Stand.
The panel has a matte and anti-reflective design
while the back side is covered by glossy plastics.
The TV stand requires assemblage but the procedure is quite easy and fast.
You will only need a screwdriver for placing the monitor into the TV stand.
On the back side, aside from the power input, there are two HDMI entries.
One of them has been loaded with Mobile High-Definition Link (MHL) support.
A D-Sub input and an audio output follow up. The latter one can out an audio signal inputted via one of the HDMI connections.
Let's have a more detailed look at the specifications of this monitor.
First of all, the panel type is LED and the screen size is 23 inches (58cm).
Resolution: Full HD 1920X1080
Aspect Ratio: 16:9 (Widescreen)
Response Time: 14ms
Response Time (GTG): 5ms
Color Depth (Number of colors): 16.7M
Contrast Ratio: 1000:1
Aside from being a lightweight monitor, it is an elegant one too with only 15mm thickness.
Of course, you can change the angle of your screen for a perfect presentation.
Changes to settings can be applied through touch controls on the lower right corner of the monitor.
After testing the LG IPS237L Monitor, our overall impressions are excellent.
The overall screen and color quality is top notch
while the black level performance and the application of the monitor in videogames and movies returns a highly satisfactory result.
An important aspect of the overall user experience is the panel position, that feels like it protrudes from the monitor.
Our only complaint is that the viewing angle could have been a lot wider.
LG IPS237L is priced at €200.
A great monitor that is intended for both demanding users and those who would like a top tier monitor that they can afford.
Our upcoming giveaway is about two LG IPS237L monitors. So, stay tuned to Unboxholics YouTube Channel and of course on GameOver.gr!
As always, by liking and favorite our video you help us a lot for creating more unboxing videos.
Until the next video of Unboxholics, take care!